added error description & token info (#353)
reown-com/reown-docs: walletkit/android/early-access/chain-abstraction.mdx

For example, check out implementation of chain abstraction in [sample wallet](https://github.com/WalletConnect/WalletConnectKotlinV2/tree/master/sample/wallet) with Kotlin. 

## Error Handling

When implementing Chain Abstraction, you may encounter different types of errors. Here's how to handle them effectively:

### Application-Level Errors

> These errors (`PrepareDetailedResponse::Err`) indicate specific issues that need to be addressed and typically require user action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These errors (`PrepareError`) indicate specific issues that need to be addressed and typically require user action:
```

Kotlin uses its own types

Author: Updated

- **Insufficient Gas Fees**: User needs to add more gas tokens to their wallet
- **Malformed Transaction Requests**: Transaction parameters are invalid or incomplete
- **Minimum Bridging Amount Not Met**: Currently set at $0.60
- **Invalid Token or Network Selection**: Selected token or network is not supported

When handling these errors, you should display clear, user-friendly error messages that provide specific guidance on how to resolve the issue. Allow users to modify their transaction parameters and consider implementing validation checks before initiating transactions.

### Retryable Errors

These errors (`Result::Err`) indicate temporary issues that may be resolved by retrying the operation:

- **Local Network Issues**: DNS blocks, TLS inspection, TCP timeouts
- **Server Issues**: 5xx errors, service outages
- **Race Conditions**: Concurrent transaction conflicts

> - **Temporary RPC Errors**: Network connectivity issues

Author: I added it from based on this [notion doc](https://www.notion.so/walletconnect/1Pager-WK-CA-error-UX-1993a661771e800a9b0cdb50307cbd1d?pvs=4)

> - **Temporary RPC Errors**: Network connectivity issues

Author: Updated

For retryable errors, show a generic "oops" message to users and provide a retry button. Log detailed error information to your error tracking service, but avoid displaying technical details to end users.

<Note>
For errors in the `execute()` method, a retry may not resolve the issue. In such cases, allow users to cancel the transaction, return them to the application, and let the application initiate a new transaction.
</Note>

### Critical Errors

> Critical errors indicate bugs or implementation issues that should be treated as high-priority incidents:
> 
> - **Unexpected State Transitions**: Invalid state changes in the transaction flow
> - **Contract Interaction Failures**: Issues with smart contract interactions
> - **Bridge Protocol Errors**: Problems with the bridging protocol implementation
> - **Security Violations**: Potential security-related issues

Reviewer 2: Not sure where this list is coming from, but I would simplify as such:

```suggestion
Critical errors indicate bugs or implementation issues that should be treated as high-priority incidents: incorrect usage of WalletKit API, wrong data encoding or wrong fields passed to WalletKit, or WalletKit internal bugs.
```

Author: Updated
